Update Contributing Docs - Encourage PRs Even When Stuck (#2683)
apple/swift-syntax: CONTRIBUTING.md

Once you've pushed your branch, you should see an option on this repository's page to create a PR from a branch in your fork.

> [!TIP]

> > It's encouraged to submit a PR even if you're stuck on the issue.

Reviewer: What about the following to highlight that we can work together to resolve any issues?

```suggestion
> If you are stuck, it’s encouraged to submit a PR that describes the issue you’re having, e.g. if there are tests that are failing, build failures you can’t resolve, or if you have architectural questions. We’re happy to work with you to resolve those issue.
```

Author: Yes! That sounds good!
